
Usually, I keep my opinions to myself or at least try to be very subtle when I share them. So why did I, in this summer of 2018, thought to share my opinions on some movies that are already known and famous? Well, some of my friends think that I have a commendable taste in Cinemas (Which I partly agree) and hence I should try my hand on criticizing movies (Which I completely disagree). (Un)Fortunately, I have some time to spare. Plus, I am terribly bored and so, Voilà!
 So now that I have explained why I am doing this, let me clarify what I aim to do. I would try to keep things easygoing and tidy. I absolutely hate "BABU-English" because unless very carefully crafted, this style gnaws away the essence of the texts by camouflaging their inner contents with the unfathomable barrage of words bulwarking the reader from cumulating the quiddity of the text (IRONY INTENDED). I would trace a trail of the plot without disclosing intercate details. In addition to that, I would try to avoid listing out things that could have been done better (Honestly speaking, you don’t need my help here. PNPC-টা আপনি নিজেই manage করে নেবেন। সে ভরসা আমার আছে।). Rather, I would try to justify why this movie is worth your time so that once you are done reading my grammatically erroneous post, watching this movie gets a top position in your priority list. 
"প্রেম আর probability কাউকে সেখাতে হয় না, একটু উশকে দিলেই চলে।"
 One of my math teacher used to say "প্রেম আর probability কাউকে সেখাতে হয় না, একটু উশকে দিলেই চলে।". So writing something on Romance seemed to be the best bet for me simply because you can never hate a love story(There are exceptions, I agree). Whatever people say to your face, they always love romantic movie no matter how cheesy it gets (I know your eyes were flooded when you watched Aashiqui 2, there is no point denying it). 
Recently I came across a movie which goes by the name "The Age of Adaline". Adaline by some accidents has stopped ageing so life isn't 'normal' for her. She travels, works smart and has a self-centred life (Is it me or did that really sounded pretty ‘normal’?). Things changed one day when she met Ellis. The movie then takes a relatively known path so disclosing the plot any further seems to be a bad idea. 
So yes, it is an old wine in a new bottle. Yet, this wine that we are talking about is a good one and it is served quite delicately in a proper wine glass. Does this movie has clichéd dialogues like "Do you love her?". YEP. Does the boy finally get the girl? YES. Is the concluding scene is like “...and they lived happily ever after”? PROBABLY YES. So why should you watch this then? It seems to be like just another crappy love story! Here is what I have to say: Have you ever been tired of regularities of life? You feel like taking a sip of tea and be left alone in your room. This movie is a great companion for such times. Even though you could guess what would happen, even though you could feel what each character would be doing next, you would like to see it unfolding. This flick has a rejuvenating effect which will linger with you for a while which I would say is the best thing this movie has to offer. 
 Now I know that this post is terribly looong. I would have definitely skipped it if it suddenly popped up in my News-Feed. So in case if you have reached till this point, Congratulations. Great Job!! I promise next time (if there is a next time) I would try to be more short, crisp and precise. 
P.S. : Worry not if you didn’t get the ‘Horse pitching ’ joke. We both are on the same page. We got a lot to learn about how to woo a women :P .
P.P.S : In case you are wondering when is my next post coming up, I would say probably next Sunday. If you see no post till Monday afternoon then most probably never. 
